FORMS
Users can't ruin our database with forms.

ACCOUNT CREATION AND PERMISSIONS
Users can always give us their Twitter auth info. 
However, even if they do, they should be in our auth & invited section before being able to do anything. 
(incl. goals, pingfriends, etc)

INVITE SYSTEM
We are capturing info from this form successfully. 
When users get notified of an invite, they can go to the form and submit it and everything works, it doesn't require a second reload.

INVITE FLOW
We only have to do stuff for users once: give them an invite code and notify them. 
We don't have to touch any other tables for this.

GOAL CREATION
Users input their goals and all of the fields are actually saved. 
We validate the form somehow so that they can't submit weird crap, especially time. 
Users can set times of day for punishment, reward, and remind messages. 
Users must send a tweet before they can create the goal. 
The tweet is pre-populated with a base tweet based on their goal content. 
We catch any errors that twitter throws in goal creation problems. 
We don't let users try to tweet about the same goal twice.

GOAL CHANGING
Users get an appropriate time (times) when changing their goals. 
We drop down butter bars for updating in general, as well as for marking your goal as done or paused.

SUCCESS FUNCTION
We check for @replies to habitbot. 
When users send a message, we mark their goal as done and do not tweet about it later. 
We reset that at the appropriate time. 
When users have been successful for seven consecutive days, we send a reward tweet. 
It doesn't matter when it starts, all that matters is that they've been good for seven days in a row.

FAIL FUNCTION
When users don't send a reply to habitbot, we send their punishment message from them at the appointed time. 
After the message is sent, we reset their goal (or leave it unchecked). 
We only send one punishment message a day at the appropriate time. 
We track how many consecutive days they have failed.

REMINDER FUNCTION
Unless users have already marked their goal as done, we send users their reminder message at the appropriate time.
Part of the reminder message includes "reply to mark this goal as done" so that they can't say 'thanks' and mark it as done accidentally. 

LOGGING
We keep track of user's initial tweet. 
We keep track of their visits to the website and what they do in those visits. 
We keep track of all tweets that habitbot sends as a user. 
We keep track of all @replies a user sends to habitbot. 
We keep track of all tweets a user sends at all. 
We keep track of all @replies a user gets, at least the ones in reply to a habitbot tweet. 

MSG QUEUE
Things in the message queue are sent right away. 
Things in the message queue are marked with the appropriate field. 
We use datetime as part of our primary key so users don't have too many things in the queue or too few.

CRON
We poll twitter for new @replies regularly. 
We poll twitter for new things sent to/from/etc our users regularly.
We check for messages that need to be sent regularly. 
We successfully get those into our msg queue. 

EXPERIMENTAL CONDITIONS
We have a field for participants in one of our study conditions.
Participants are assigned to study conditions manually.
TBD

PINGING FRIENDS
